gh-131116: Fix inspect._finddoc to work with cached_property objects. (#131165)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-03-12-18-57-10.gh-issue-131116.uTpwXZ.rst

> :func:`inspect.getdoc` now correctly returns an inherited docstring on :class:`~functools.cached_property` objects if none is given in a subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`inspect.getdoc` now correctly returns an inherited docstring on
:class:`~functools.cached_property` objects if none is given in a subclass.
```

> inspect.getdoc(), if run on a cached_property that does not define a docstring but inherits from a class that did define a docstring, will now return the inherited docstring rather than None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`inspect.getdoc` now correctly returns a inherited docstring on :class:`~functools.cached_property` objects if none is given in a subclass.
```

This also needs a `versionchanged:: next` for inspect.getdoc
